One






        Estias runs his pale fingers through his powdered gold, wishing every particle to meld into his skin. Gold-Finger. The self-proclaimed disease of the rich, piddling their boredom into their endless material wealth.
        Estias follows in the footsteps of his father and his father’s father, and his father’s father’s father. He watches over his kingdom, begging for something more interesting to occur. But it never does. The reign of peace has become all too mundane for the emperor.
        “Rebala,” Estias shouts down the empty stone hall—brick and brick fused together by gold.
“Yes, my love?” a woman’s voice softly returns from the other end of the hall.
Estias swirls his finger around the rim of the wood bowl filled with gold. “We should go somewhere tomorrow. What about Italy?”
“Oh,” the woman moans. “Italy, quite far isn’t it?”
“Perhaps for a commoner," Estias snickers.
“What a sensitive man I’ve vowed my life to,” she replies.
A moment later her clacking heels reverberate through the palace. She appears from the dimly-lit hall in a cranberry-red dress, a slit running up to her hip, and sparkles reflecting in the torch light.
“Besides, look at this,” he waves his hand over her silhouette, “Italy has some of the finest dresses for those in need of a closet turn-over.”
“Heavens, Estias,” Rebala snarls. “Keep digging your grave, boy.”
“Is that what I am? A boy?”
“When you talk like that, you’re something long from being a man.”
“Be careful what you do with that tongue, woman,” Estias flicks his fingers toward her with a dusting of gold. “If not used for my favor then I don’t know what good it is.”
 Rebala grins. “Perhaps they sell those in Italy, too.”
“So you agree then? We should go tomorrow?” Estias rises from his throne with stretched out hands to her.
“Well I did have some plans to read to the children, but I suppose they can be delayed.”
“Read to the children? What children?” Estias asked, perplexed.
“The Noman children, at the library,” Rebala furrows her eyebrows with a pout. “Their education is as important as any others.”
“Typical,” Estias scoffs. “Do I really leave you so bored that you must go donate your precious time to the underbelly of this society?”
“Estias,” Rebala’s brows curl in with a sinister scowl. “Are you so good for this society that you cannot bear to invest yourself in it? Do you see yourself only as wine, while the rest of us are spoiling grapes? Look at you. Gold-fingered prick,” her heels like chisels to the marble floors as she exits the room.
“Typical,” Estias rolls his eyes, sitting back down to his throne.
He turns from the hall to his right to face the fading stairs in front of him. He traces the utter darkness beyond the edges of the torch lights, yearning for the light to enter his home once again. He grabs his torch holstered in a stand beside him and skips down the stairway. At the bottom he’s met with a large wooden door. He creaks it open, exposing himself to the clouded, grey sky.
“Good evening, Lord Estias,” a bearded man dressed head to toe in luxury streetwear greets him. “It’s a success, sir. The sky.”
Estias clears his throat. “Yes,” his eyes gloss over as he grapples for control over his throat. “The sky. Like all things in this life, is mine.”